reflections.md, before:

# Weekend

- [x] What did you achieve over the weekend?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. Reseached a lot fo options to decide on what I want to make
2. To lay the foundation of the game and start the hardest parts of it
3. Yes, but I dont know how to address them yet

# Monday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Tuesday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Wednesday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Thursday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Friday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

Commit message:

fixed win conditions, added bonus points

reflections.md, after:

# Weekend

- [x] What did you achieve over the weekend?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. Reseached a lot of options to decide on what I want to make
2. To lay the foundation of the game and start the hardest parts of it
3. Yes, but I dont know how to address them yet

# Monday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. Reseached a lot of options to decide on what I want to make
2. To lay the foundation of the game and start the hardest parts of it
3. Yes, but I dont know how to address them yet

# Tuesday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. Completed most of the framework
2. try to finish win/lose conditions
3. the win/lose conditions

# Wednesday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. completed lose conditions
2. try to finish win conditions and allow for bonus point accumulation for high scores
3. getting win conditions to trigger based on classes remaining within the array INSTEAD of based on point accumulation so I can allow bonus points

# Thursday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE

# Friday

- [x] What did you achieve yesterday?
- [x] What are your goals for today?
- [x] Do you have any blockers?

1. RESPONSE
2. RESPONSE
3. RESPONSE
